README.md, before:

# Census Academy Frontend Mock-up

This repository holds the code for a mock-up of Census Academy. The aim of this repo is to show that leveraging React, AWS Amplify, and supporting technologies, we can support additional features on Census Academy such as user accounts, guided courses, and more.

## Technologies

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/)
- [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/)

This repository was bootstrapped using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

feat: add rough draft of shared header component
added design tokens in readme, these colors are from official us census bureau branding guidelines

added additional routes and switch statements for react-router

added uscb logo

styled navbar

TODO: search bar and styling trickier than anticipated
need to evaluate what are better ways of writing the component,
perhaps without using material-ui as it quickly becomes a mess

README.md, after:

# Census Academy Frontend Mock-up

This repository holds the code for a mock-up of Census Academy. The aim of this repo is to show that leveraging React, AWS Amplify, and supporting technologies, we can support additional features on Census Academy such as user accounts, guided courses, and more.

## Technologies

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/)
- [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/)

This repository was bootstrapped using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/)

## Design Tokens

Design tokens are values for color, font, spacing, etc that are intended to be used throughout the entire application.

TODO: At some point, we should leverage the theming features of either Material UI or `styled-components` such that we can store and version control these values in code. This gives us the additional benefit of being able to change styles in one place, and have it affect the entire site to ensure consistent changes in the future.

### Colors

These are colors approved by Census Bureau branding.

Primary Color

- `hsl(213 65% 19%)`

Secondary Colors

- `hsl(199deg 19% 36%)`
- `hsl(200deg 15% 54%)`
- `hsl(14deg 100% 57%)`
- `hsl(290deg 59% 29%)`

Accent Colors

- `hsl(186deg 100% 29%)`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
